Document that uv_read_stop always succeeds (#3076)
libuv/libuv: docs/src/stream.rst

    no longer be called.

    This function is idempotent and may be safely called on a stopped stream.
    

>     On most platforms, this function will always succeed; hence, checking its
>     return value is unnecessary.

Reviewer: How about this:
```suggestion
    This function will always succeed; hence, checking its return value is
    unnecessary. A non-zero return indicates that finishing releasing resources
    may be pending on the next input event on that TTY on Windows, and does not 
    indicate failure.
```
